Improve reflection fallback breaking change doc. (#31235)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/serialization/7.0/reflection-fallback.md

## Recommended action

You might depend on the previous behavior, either intentionally or unintentionally. The recommended course of action is to update your <xref:System.Text.Json.Serialization.JsonSerializerContext> definition so that it includes all type dependencies:

```csharp
[JsonSerializable(typeof(Poco1))]
[JsonSerializable(typeof(Poco2))]
public partial class MyContext : JsonSerializerContext {}
```

This will let your application take full advantage of the benefits of source generation, including trim safety.

> In certain cases however, making such a change might not be practical or possible. Even though it is not recommended, there a couple of ways you can re-enable reflection fallback in your source generated serializer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain cases, however, making such a change might not be practical or possible. Even though it's not recommended, there are a couple of ways you can re-enable reflection fallback in your source-generated serializer.
```

> ### Using a custom contract resolver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use a custom contract resolver
```

options.GetConverter(typeof(Poco2)); // Returns the reflection-based converter.
```

> ### Using the AppContext switch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use an AppContext switch
```

> You can re-enable reflection fallback globally using the provided AppContext compatibility switch. Adding the following entry to your application's project file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in .NET 7 RC 2, you can re-enable reflection fallback globally using the provided AppContext compatibility switch. Add the following entry to your application's project file to re-enable reflection fallback for all source-generated contexts in your app. For more information on using AppContext switches, see the article on [.NET runtime configuration settings](../../../runtime-config/index.md).
```

```xml
<ItemGroup>

>   <RuntimeHostConfigurationOption Include="System.Text.Json.Serialization.EnableSourceGenReflectionFallback" Value="true" />

Author: FWIW this flag will be released in RC2.

</ItemGroup>
```

> Should re-enable reflection fallback for all source generated contexts in your app. See the article on [.NET runtime configuration settings](../../../runtime-config/index.md) for more details on using AppContext switches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
